All righty.
In this video, we'll cover deleting Grades
for Science and History.
And it's really just
more of the same of what we did for Math.
Okay, we're in Student and Grade Service test
and this method delete Grade service.
Let's go ahead and copy
that one line that we created for Math.
Let's just copy and paste it for Science and History.
All righty, this coding here looks pretty good.
Let's go ahead and run the test.
All righty failing test as we expected.
Okay, no problem.
Let's go ahead and move back
into our Student and Grade Service
and let's simply add the coding here
for Science and History.
And again, it's very similar to what we did for Math.
And so I'll kind of sit back and be quiet for a bit
and just crank out these codes.
So just follow along with me.
Quiet time.
All righty, so I'm back.
We have the code in place now
for Science and also the code for History.
This looks pretty good.
Let me do some quick cleanup at the bottom
and then we'll go ahead and run our test again.
Green check marks,
that means that the test pass.
So, we have functionality in place
and we're up and running.
So I'd like to say, good job my friend.